Previously on Yellowjackets...
[grunts]
♪ mysterious music ♪
[Shauna] No one has
any right to my baby.
- [hyperventilating]
- If you tell anybody about this,
I will fucking kill you.
- About what happened today...
- [Travis] I hurt you.
[Lottie] You're connecting with
it, that's what's important.
Thing is, someone else here
is already closer to it.
Hello, Shauna.
[Misty]
So, am I here to babysit?
[Shauna]
S-Sort of. Keep Lottie busy.
Keep them
from talking to each other.
- Misty.
- [retches]
[Walter]
I can't believe Shauna
let you drive home
in this condition.
Once again, your "friends"--
Stop air quoting my friendships!
Get out, go!
- Misty--
- [sighs]
I have... cancer.
♪ intense music ♪
♪
[bathroom door closes]
[panting]
[ringtone playing "Queen
of Hearts" by Juice Newton]
[sighs]
Oh, we actually had
the best meal here last night.
On our way out,
we forgot to pay.
[staffer] He had
a heart attack last night.
[Ben]
All right, I'm gonna pull
so you don't have
to put pressure on that leg.
I'm sorry, but you've already
seen me, I can't just let you
go back to the others.
So we're gonna take
a little walk.
♪ "I'm Too Sexy"
by Right Said Fred ♪
♪
[Mari] ♪ Too sexy for this cave,
too sexy for this cave ♪
♪ Too sexy for this cave ♪
♪ I'm too sexy for this rope ♪
♪ Too sexy for these rocks ♪
♪ Too sexy to be murdered ♪
♪ I'm a hostage ♪
[Ben]
You should eat.
Just think of it like a...
like a Cornish hen had a baby
with a demon.
Of course,
I guess you're used
to better these days.
- [Mari grunts]
- Oh.
[wincing]
Oh, yeah. Right.
I'm sorry about that.
[grunts]
Mmm.
[chuckles]
This is, like, so good.
Seriously, I-I think...
I actually like bat now.
It's really juicy.
In all the times I fantasized
about us being alone together,
it was definitely never
in a weird-ass cave.
Oh, my God, I can't believe
I just admitted that.
[scoffs] I'm, like,
so embarrassed right now.
Am I blushing?
No.
Maybe I'm low on blood.
[chuckles]
Yeah, it's probably that.
You just had to know
I had a major crush on you.
I mean, like, all the girls did,
but mine was, like, epic.
Hey, you remember the, uh...
that time that you told me
"gym teacher" was Latin
for "pervert failure"?
Yeah, and you gave me detention.
So I got to spend
even more time with you.
Mari, you once spread
a rumor that I had,
and I do quote...
"raging gonorrhea."
Less competition.
[chuckles]
[exhales]
It's so cold in here.
Maybe we could, uh,
you know...
warm each other up?
Oh, my God.
Mari, I'm gay.
But you know something?
Even if I wasn't,
I would rather take
something very dull,
press it into my eye
and keep pushing
until I hit the back of my skull
than ever touch you.
So whatever this is,
you can just knock it
the fuck off.
[sighs]
Are you gonna finish your bat?
Don't move!
Okay, okay. Hey. Easy.
Just take it easy, all right?
Let's just take a second
and calm down.
- [Mari screams]
- [Ben screams]
[cries out]
- [grunts]
- [screaming]
[grunts]
God!
Fuck!
[groans]
I can't believe you maced me!
I'm fucking blind!
Me?!
You did this, you fucking idiot!
[cries out]
♪ "No Return" by Craig Wedren
and Anna Waronker ♪
♪ It was cool, nothing fire ♪
♪ Nothing broke ♪
♪ Keep simple ♪
♪ Nothing tired, nothing old ♪
♪ Same as you ♪
♪ Oh, so cute, so revival ♪
♪ So alone ♪
♪ Birthday suit, just a smile ♪
♪ No one home ♪
♪ Same as you ♪
♪ vocalizing ♪
♪ No return, no return ♪
♪ No reason ♪
So urgent care sent us
your blood work from yesterday.
Got a feeling
this isn't about my foot.
That's correct.
That's why I wanted to see you.
Now the blood work,
while incomplete,
suggests your cancer
has stopped metastasizing.
Your CA 125 markers are
significantly down.
[voice fading] Now, I don't
want to get your hopes up.
In Stage 4 cancers like yours,
this is extremely rare.
I've read about it,
but in my 22 years on the job,
I've never seen it happen.
This new schedule rocks.
Maybe I should go for broke
and get expelled.
Well, if anyone can do it,
you can, sweetie.
You seemed to be having fun
last night.
What'd you and Lottie
talk about?
Speak of the devil.
Good morning.
- Hi.
- [Lottie] Hmm.
See?
I am the model houseguest.
I could have eavesdropped,
but I announced myself instead.
Nice work, Lot. A-plus.
Do you want pancakes?
Oh, God, no.
The food on the 13th floor--
it's a euphemism
for the psych ward--
it's loaded with lard.
It's a form of sedation,
they'd never admit it.
No, no. I need to...
[breathes deeply]
[sniffles]
...reset.
Well, why don't we
get lunch today?
Wherever you want.
We can really catch up.
Mm, sorry, I'm...
afraid my schedule
is wall to wall. [chuckles]
[Shauna]
Really?
You just left the "13th floor,"
apparently with nowhere to go,
and now
you're just fully booked?
I'm afraid so.
Well, I am off.
- Bye!
- Bye.
Wait, where are you going?
Oh, don't tell me
you're not gonna eat either.
No, I'll be back.
I just want to do my makeup.
But can you put chocolate chips
in those?
Otherwise, they kind of suck.
[phone buzzing]
Fuck!
Fuck.
[groans]
Why are you calling so early?
I thought you'd be hungover.
[Misty]
Please.
I can hold my liquor.
My kitchen smells
like rotten coconuts.
Well, that sounds
like a "you" problem.
What do you want, Misty?
You screwed up
so bad last night,
I shouldn't even be
talking to you.
I did not screw up.
- I was being strategic.
- How?
By losing consciousness?
Well, I will have you know,
I have some
very interesting intel.
Which is?
Jiminy Christmas, checkmate!
- What?
- I-I-I can't talk here.
I'm at work. Um...
meet me down the block
at Izzy's Café.
I will text you the address.
The scones are to die for.
[line beeps]
- [hyperventilating]
- It's okay.
What exactly was your plan?
You're still tied up.
I was kind of winging it.
I don't exactly have
a lot of experience
with this sort of thing.
[scoffs]
[grunts]
Yeah, well...
[sighs]
...that makes two of us.
Look, I get why you did it.
I mean...
...you are being held in a cave
against your will
by a one-legged man.
[Ben laughs]
[Mari chuckles]
Jesus Christ.
How is that even real?
I-I-I mean, I...
Shit, I grew up in the suburbs.
You know, I-I-I love
frozen burritos
from 7-Eleven. I...
I've seen Dave Matthews Band
three times
at the Garden State
Arts Center, and honestly?
I don't even like 'em that much.
Hell, the only reason
I started subbing
in the first place
is 'cause I...
[sighs]
blew out my damn ACL,
and I needed a way
to pay off my student loans
while I figured out
what the hell I was gonna do
with my life.
[sighs] I swear...
I'm just... a normal guy.
♪ somber music ♪
♪
So, seriously...
...how the fuck
is any of this real?
Is it real?
- [muffled screaming]
- [growling]
See, this!
This, right here!
- Yeah, are you hearing this?
- [wailing]
God, do--
What the fuck is happening?!
- [growling stops]
- [panting]
[panting softly]
When I was 12, my little cousin
got brain cancer.
I was with her when she died.
Her-her parents
were down in the cafeteria.
We were watching her
favorite show on Nickelodeon,
the-the one with the...
stupid puppets and the dragon.
I mean, she wasn't
really watching.
She was pretty out of it.
Then all the alarms
started going crazy,
and her heart just stopped.
Afterwards,
I sat in the waiting room
waiting for my parents to come.
And the same show
was playing there, too.
So I finished watching
the episode.
She was four.
Why'd you tell me that?
I think...
maybe there are
two versions of reality.
Most of the time,
the-the other one, the bad one,
is-is... j-just hiding
or-or waiting,
but it's all real.
♪ ominous music ♪
♪
Nobody's looking for you,
you know?
Most people think you're dead.
I could tell them
that I, that I fell
and I hurt my knee.
That I got turned around
in the dark and it took me
a few days to find my way back.
I wouldn't even mention you.
You asked me
what my plan was, but...
what's your plan, Coach?
How long are you
gonna keep me in here?
♪
[pop music playing faintly]
Sorry. My mom sprung
a "pop quiz" on me
about thermodynamics.
Luckily, she knows dick about
physics. It was over quick.
It's not a problem.
You like to shop, huh?
Oh, you could say that.
Oh, hey.
What do you think?
No.
Yeah, it's kind of basic.
[chuckles]
Why are we hanging out, Callie?
- What do you mean?
- You find me intriguing.
Why?
Uh... you're an old friend
of my mom's
who recently chased her
through the woods with a knife,
and you're somehow still pals.
That's pretty intriguing.
We both know
it's more than that.
I guess what
I'm really asking you
is to tell me who you are.
Okay,
if you could describe yourself
without embarrassment
or shame, and especially
without the fear
that you might say something
that scares you...
what would you say?
[scoffs] Is this, like,
some game that you'd play
at your cult?
No, it's not a game.
See, I think that you,
unlike most,
have the capacity
to answer that question.
That is, if you choose to.
[gasps] Ooh.
This is what I see for you.
[gasps]
Um... [chuckles] Wow.
But I-- I mean, no,
this has to be, like,
a million dollars.
[scoffs] It's fine, I'll help.
Lottie.
Don't you want to try it on?
[stammers] Sure.
Where's the dressing room?
[chuckles]
No, not here.
You can, uh...
you can try it on at home.
There are no sensors
on the exit.
There are two
security guards, one...
over there and another
by the shoes.
She's undercover,
but it's obvious.
Okay. Follow me.
They get their berries
from Vermont,
and they're not just
saying that. I verified.
- Yes. Good. Yum.
- Right?
What happened
with Callie and Lottie, Misty?
Oh.
Well, um, your daughter--
apple, tree,
I'm afraid--
is quite the schemer,
so you were right
to be concerned.
She lulled us into believing
that we were just
having an innocent sleepover,
when really,
she was daring Lottie
to spill our secrets
about the Wilderness.
Good news is,
I put a stop to it.
What do you mean "daring"?
Well, we were playing
truth or dare.
What? Why would you
let that happen?
Hello? Reverse psychology.
Callie thought she was
making inroads, when really,
I was manipulating everything
to put a kibosh
on anything sensitive.
And then as soon
as I had the chance,
I read Lottie the riot act.
I said, "Lottie, if you say
a word about anything,
I will tell Shauna
to throw you out on your ass."
[Misty slurping]
Why did I have to come here
for you to tell me this, Misty?
Well, I just wanted you to know
that I followed
your instructions to the letter.
And, um, and...
I thought it would be nice
if we could just hang out.
You know?
We never do this anymore.
Yeah, yeah.
- [phone buzzing]
- Look, I just-- I have a bunch
of errands I--
Oh! Well, it's kismet
because my staff meeting
just got canceled.
So, I can help.
Well, you don't want to do that.
- It's really boring stuff.
- Like what?
[sighs] Trying to get
a gift basket
for these fancy idiots
who might be
doing business with Jeff.
I...
I might not have made
the best impression last night.
Perfect.
Because I am great
at gifting. [chuckles]
Are we going to Tony's
or Francesca's?
Oh, please don't say Tony's.
Ooh, Caspian's!
Caspian's has the best
semi-hard cheeses.
Okay. Um...
We're just gonna
have to be quick, okay?
Because I have a... um...
[stammers] p-podiatrist...
...podiatrist appointment later.
Ooh, foot doctors.
They're sexy, right?
But I can just sit
in the waiting room
if you don't want me to watch.
[door opens]
[drops keys]
I-- There's something
- I have to say to you--
- I have something to tell you,
but, shit, promise you
won't freak out.
What? Just, what?
No, you, you.
- Tai, what?
- No.
[sighs]
The oncologist just, um...
told me that...
the cancer's stopped
growing, and, um...
it might be in, like,
partial remission,
- or headed in that direction.
- [gasps]
I actually don't even know what
the fucking words I'm saying...
- Oh, God!
- [stammers] They have to
do all these tests now,
and, um...
That's incredible. It's amazing.
- They could be wrong.
- Oh, God, shut up, Van.
- Oh, God.
- [sighs]
- [laughs]
[both laughing]
♪ tender music ♪
♪
[sighs]
[chuckles]
Oh, God. [sighs]
What?
The waiter.
Who chased us
through the streets.
He died.
Heart attack.
No...
I went back to make good
on the check, and, uh,
when they, when they
told me he died, I...
grabbed my credit card and...
Tai!
Listen to me. Listen.
♪ tense music ♪
No.
You're thinking it, too.
I know you are.
First Natalie,
then this guy.
It's been a long time,
but it could be happening again.
The waiter
was the sacrifice, and...
and your new prognosis...
well,
that's the gift.
[sniffs]
Please, Van.
Just give in to the possibility.
[inhales deeply]
[exhales]
We hear the Wilderness,
and it hears us.
[bats squeaking]
[water dripping]
♪ low, ominous music ♪
♪
Coach?
Get up, Mari.
I can't. Uh, my knee.
Mari, stand... up.
♪
[hisses]
[groaning, breathing sharply]
[groans, panting]
[grunts, inhales sharply]
[whimpers]
[panting]
[crying]
[sniffles]
Please.
Please, Coach.
[frightened panting]
[panting]
- [knife cuts rope]
- [panting]
Go.
[grunting]
[grunts, panting]
♪ tense, eerie music ♪
♪
[Misty]
Ah, the open road.
Girl time.
[chuckling]
Playing hooky off
of stupid work.
God, we should do this
more often.
You think
you could close that window?
Uh, but we're Thelma and Louise.
Fine.
You're gonna go left up ahead.
If we go left, we're gonna have
to circle the park.
Yes, but instead of four lights,
there are three,
and two of them
are shorter in duration.
[brake pedal clicking]
- Shauna, slow down.
- I know. I'm trying.
- The brakes aren't working.
- Well, try harder, 'cause we're
- gonna miss the turn. Shauna.
- What do you think I'm doing?
- Are you pushing--
- I don't know what's happening!
- What is wrong with the car?!
- [shouting]
- Put your foot on the brake!
- Misty, I'm literally doing it!
- [yelling]
- [tires screeching]
- [horn honking]
- Oh, fuck!
- ♪ Stick it up your, yeah ♪
- ♪ Stick it up your, yeah... ♪
- [horn honking]
Grassy knoll!
Grassy knoll! Go up it!
- [tires screech]
- ♪ I did it all for the nookie ♪
- Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
- [yelling]
- Kids!
- I-I fucking know!
[yelling]
♪ Stick it up your, yeah,
stick it up your ♪
Oh, my God, oh, my God.
♪ So you can take nookie ♪
♪ And stick it up your, yeah ♪
- ♪ Stick it up your ♪
- [clicking]
[whimpers]
[panting]
Oh, my Lord...
[mutters]
Oh, that was a close one.
[pants]
[sputters]
[panting softly]
You did this.
It was you. You fucked
with my car, didn't you?
[scoffs]
How...
how could you think that?
In fact, I am the fucking idiot,
because of course it was you
who left the phone
in the bathroom.
Phone? What phone?
[stammers]
Shauna, think.
Why would I do this?
I-I could've died, too.
Why do you do anything, Misty?
Why...
why trick me
into eating those stupid scones?
Why pretend
your meeting was canceled?
Why make secret videos
of Natalie in her motel room?
Why hold people hostage
in your bunker?
Why carry around syringes
of fatal fucking drugs?
Why...
Something must have warped you
when you were little.
Your parents,
someone did something to you,
because you are
a verified psycho
and you feed off this shit.
I didn't-- I--
You're insane.
And I want you out
of my minivan, now.
Get out, Misty.
Fine.
But you are the worst friend,
not the best!
And you are not what I deserve!
Thank you for opening up
my eyes, Shauna Shipman.
[grunts]
♪ low, mysterious music ♪
♪
[grunts]
[sighs]
♪
What are you looking at?!
- [water flowing]
- [birds chirping]
Stalk much?
[chuckles softly]
Hey.
There you are.
I've been looking for you.
Well, you found me.
Can we, like, um...
talk?
About what?
[scoffs]
Melissa,
you can stay.
If you want.
Yeah, sure.
Cool.
You're not gonna turn out
to be fucking boring, are you?
[Misty]
Oh, my gosh. Mari!
- It's Mari!
- [overlapping chatter]
[Misty]
Where were you?
[sighs]
Thank God you're okay!
Or, I mean, uh, thank
the-the dirt or whatever.
I'm so glad
that you're not dead.
- [laughs]
- Yeah.
Where were you?
I walked back to civilization
so I could fuck your dad.
- [chuckling]
- She fell in a hole
and fucked up her knee.
I-I dislocated it.
Like that girl we played
from Manasquan last year.
The kneecap was
all the way over here,
and I had to push it back in.
- [others exclaiming]
- It fucking killed.
And the hole was, like,
20 feet deep. I thought
I was gonna die in there.
Like Baby Jessica.
Baby Jessica didn't die.
And that was a well.
A well's a hole.
If your knee's so fucked,
how'd you get out?
♪ low, somber music ♪
♪
Coach Scott found me.
- What?
- He's alive?
Fuck.
What happened then?
U-Um...
After he helped me out
of the hole,
he tied me up
a-and took me to this cave
he's been living in.
- Cave?
- [murmuring]
He took you prisoner?
That's so scary.
I mean, yeah, kinda.
But--
Holy shit. I knew it.
I fucking knew it.
He has totally lost it.
- We don't know that.
- Dude,
he tied her up
and took her to his lair!
Do you know
how to find your way back?
[Taissa]
Okay, Wyatt Earp,
what do you want to do,
go capture him?
Yeah. That's exactly what
I want to do.
You guys,
he tried to burn us alive.
You really want
to just leave him out there?
Come on, this is crazy.
Funny, Nat,
it almost sounds
like you don't want to find him.
Can you find your way back
or not?
I think so.
Then I'm gonna look for him
before he finds
a new place to hide.
Anyone that wants
to come with me, great.
♪
You should stay with us.
Try talking to It.
It's calling you, Akilah.
Travis saw it.
You feel it.
All of this
is just a distraction.
Look,
I'm sorry.
I'm good.
After all this,
you still don't believe?
♪ Nobody can tell you ♪
♪ There's only one song
worth singing ♪
♪ They may try and sell you ♪
♪ 'Cause it hangs them up ♪
♪ To see someone ♪
♪ Like you ♪
[Lottie and Callie]
♪ But you've got to ♪
♪ Make your own kind of music ♪
♪ Sing your own special song ♪
♪ Even if nobody else
sings along ♪
[Shauna]
Hi.
[Lottie]
Hey.
- What's this?
- [Callie] Hi, Mom.
- There she is.
- [music stops]
Uh, please, come in,
take a load off.
We are taking care of you
tonight as a "thank you"
for your family's hospitality.
What is Jeff's ETA?
Because the chicken harissa,
that can wait,
but the green beans almondine
really should be eaten crisp.
Mom, you have to try this.
- It's so good.
- Okay.
Mmm.
♪ suspenseful, jarring music ♪
♪
Oh, my God, is it too spicy?
Where did you get that?
Why? What's wrong?
Where did you get it?
I gave it to her.
How do you even have it?
And you, you give it
to my daughter?!
It feels right, Shauna.
I mean, don't you feel it, too?
No. I don't "feel it."
The only thing I feel is
that I should've never let you
stay here because you're
as fucked up as ever.
- Mom!
- [shushes]
Be quiet, you don't understand.
Get your shit.
You are leaving right now.
It never meant
what you thought it meant.
Mom!
Get the fuck out of my house!
♪
[shouts]
Goddamn, this show was weird.
I mean, a talking chair?
- [TV playing indistinctly]
- Mm.
- I never really watched it.
- You're kidding.
Why do you have
every episode on tape?
[Van] I have, like,
a million VHS's, Tai.
I don't even know
what's on half of them.
[Taissa chuckles]
Well, I loved this show.
Every Saturday morning at 9.
I was usually slapping
my mother out of her stupor
right around then, trying
to get her to go to work.
Well, that's just sad.
You think?
Yeah. Yes, I think.
[both laughing]
You know, you know what I think?
I think you were
a sad little redhead,
with a drunk for a mom,
living in a sad little house
- just being sad all the time--
- [laughing]
[laughing]
Shut up!
But look at you now.
Look at you.
Oh, you're so happy and chill.
So fucking beautiful.
♪ gentle music ♪
Tai...
[chuckles]
I can't believe
I get to have more of you.
♪
[TV announcer]
There's one low price
for all this and lots more
at the Land of Make Believe.
Route 80, exit 12
in Hope, New Jersey.
[lively music playing]
[TV announcer]
Your day calls for ice cream,
and what day doesn't?
Visit Ozzie's Homemade
- Ice Cream Parlor.
- [gasps] Van.
Our flavors will make
your eyes pop.
Oh, fuck!
Van, are you seeing this?
[stammers] What is it?
It... it's the...
no-eyed man. It's--
That's the guy from my vision!
You saw him, right?
- You saw him?
- Yes, I--
- [panting]
- Okay. Just calm down.
Holy shit, I must've seen
that ad when I was little,
and the man and...
no eyes and then
my grandmother died,
- and I... Okay.
- What are we doing?
[Taissa]
Okay, fuck, it's closed. Um...
Hang on, you just said
they're closed.
Van, please. Now.
Uh, this, uh,
has to mean something!
It has to.
This just... it, it, it,
it could mean something.
It could mean something!
♪ suspenseful music ♪
♪
[Caligula croaking]
Oh, be quiet, Caligula!
[sighs]
♪ dramatic music ♪
♪
♪ haunting music ♪
For fuck's sake, really?
I'm not lost, okay?
I'm just remembering.
Hey.
It's fine.
Take your time.
You got this.
[crickets chirping]
[vehicle doors closing]
[rattles]
This has been great.
Yeah. Let's-let's go.
There's got to be
another way in.
Tai.
Goddamn it.
[grunting, panting]
You realize this is a crime now?
Wouldn't be our first.
[Van]
Why?
Tai, what-what are you
even looking for?
[panting]
I don't know.
♪ slow, percussive music ♪
♪
[creaking]
♪ suspenseful music ♪
♪
- [animal screeching]
- [gasps]
[panting]
What do you want?
We know what It wants.
It wants more.
That's it.
Over here.
Shauna, wait!
Are we really just...
gonna go in?
What did you think
we were gonna do?
What do you think happens
when we go inside?
You guys, we don't
have to do this.
Yes.
We do.
[growling nearby]
[gasping]
[howling, screeching]
[gunshot echoes]
[groans]
God.
[exhales]
Fine.
I'm going first.
You two, stand guard.
If you see anything, just scream
your asses off, okay?
♪ pulsing, haunting music ♪
♪
- I don't remember those.
- [groans]
He must've done it on purpose
to block us out.
Maybe it just collapsed.
- I don't think so.
- Why?
I don't know. I just don't.
It's a double bluff,
like that scene in that movie
with the two guys.
What? You mean
The Princess Bride?
- Yeah.
- How the fuck did you know that?
I say we try both.
Shauna, you, Van, Akilah,
you take the open path.
Uh, the rest of us will
clear what we can here
and climb over the rest.
Um, you take two lanterns,
we'll take the other three.
If you run into trouble,
just get loud.
We'll come find you.
Same goes for us.
Be safe.
We'll see you soon.
You, too.
- [water trickling]
- [heavy breathing]
♪ slow, suspenseful music ♪
♪
Let's go.
[panting]
[grunting softly]
[grunting]
Shit. Okay,
this is clearly not the way.
We just have
to keep going, okay?
[coughing]
- [flame hisses]
- Fuck.
Fuck. Wait. No.
- What?
- Oh, shit.
My light is out.
No. I can't see.
Shit.
Mine's okay, mine's okay.
[grunts] Hurry.
♪
[grunting]
[Shauna] Okay.
Oh...
Jesus.
Stay close.
[gasps]
Are you guys seeing this?
Yeah, maybe we should go back.
Yeah, Shauna, we should...
Shauna?
Akilah, did you--
Akilah?
Guys?
- [flame hisses]
- [gasps]
♪ haunting music ♪
♪
Oh, what the fuck?
Come on, man...
[creaking]
♪ eerie music ♪
♪
Hmm.
Mmm. [slurps]
[sheep bleats]
Hi.
Hey.
- [chickens clucking]
- [sheep bleats]
Little baby.
[male voice]
Careful, they bite.
Sheep don't bite.
Everything with teeth bites.
Everything will defend itself.
They're calling you.
[distant screeching]
- [wind blowing]
- [distorted screeching]
♪ ethereal music ♪
[birds chirping]
[boy]
Mommy, Mommy. Mommy, Mommy.
[laughs]
[breathing heavily]
[boy echoing] Mommy!
Mommy!
[gasping]
[embers hissing]
[jet engine whirring]
[breathing shakily]
[monstrous screeching]
[screaming]
[seat belt clicks]
[panting]
[screams]
[Llama] It can be easy,
or it can be hard.
But either way,
It's gonna get what It wants.
♪ jarring music ♪
♪
[chalk tapping on chalkboard]
Are you in my dream?
Or am I in one of yours?
There's only one dream.
[metallic squeaking]
[bracelet snapping]
[clicks]
[snaps]
You want to try?
Let me try.
[screams]
[pained moan]
That happens sometimes.
You shouldn't play
with dangerous things.
[grunts]
It's just a cut.
You don't have to be
such a baby.
♪ jarring music ♪
♪
[snaps]
[choking]
Akilah, help her.
[grunting]
[choking]
- [laughs]
- I can't!
[blood trickling]
[Akilah grunting]
You have to or she'll die.
We'll all die.
[gasping weakly]
[gasping]
[coughing]
- Where's Van?
- [moaning]
[Ben] Help!
You guys, please. Help!
[grunting]
[panting, moaning]
- [retching]
- [Ben grunts]
[panting]
It's poison.
And there's some kind of...
There's some kind of gas.
♪ "The Cold" by The Cure ♪
- [rifle cocks]
- [grunts weakly]
Don't move.
♪
Sorry, Coach.
You're coming with us.
♪
♪ I was cold
as I mouthed the words ♪
♪ And crawled across
the mirror ♪
♪ And wait,
await the next breath ♪
♪ Your name like ice
into my heart ♪